So now you have learnt Python and you have learned cute.
And what's next.
First of all you now know the basics of python and cute.
And another hint for productive use.
Please read the license of cute cute and to all the tools that you're using in order to know how you
may use them and how you may not use them as long as you deliver the application in.
Source Code PI firm offers this anyways right.
You don't need to buy a license so you will need to buy the pike qued license which can be 500 euros
or dollars to someone other then you know the basics of how to develop a real desktop application and
cute so you can pretty much go ahead and drag and drop all the UI elements the widgets and the buttons
into your UI and then connect them to your Python code and develop a whole Python application which
is a real desktop application so that users exactly know what they need to do based on how good your
UI is of course.
No of course you can also use all other Python functions in this type application so you can even write
that in Python only without even using cute creator but your creator is a pretty good tool.
So not know how to use it as well.
So the example crawler that downloads data from the Internet today and prepares it in a graphical way
so you could simply do that and cute.
You already know how to create a crawler.
You have done that in chuckers chapter 10 I think and now you know how to use q.
Now you could combined it or you could pretty much combine any application that you have developed throughout
this course and create a graphical user interface with cute with it.
All right so you know how to do it.
You could just go ahead and do that.
And that's actually a good thing to do for you just for practice.
Now you can of course extend that crawler where you read the data in the background and valuated with
Pendarvis and non-P and the result that is displayed by a cute so you could really say OK I am downloading
the data from a website where you of course have to have the rights to do that and then you simply use
non-P and pondus in order to display it in a very nice way and cute.
So that sounds like a good challenge.
If you want to do that feel free and if you want to share your results of course you can also share
them with us.
And if you would like to get on with it and learn even more about it than find a sample project and
implement it with Python and cute.
Just go ahead and build some projects because that's really how you learn programming and that's how
you become a good programmer by repetition.
By challenging yourself with new examples new projects new challenges and then maybe a C++ course might
make sense especially one which covers skewed as well so if you feel like becoming a cupro and really
digging deep inside and really understanding everything then it really wouldn't make sense to of course.
Also take a C++ course where you understand the documentation better where you understand a lot more
what's going on in the background those kind of things.
So yeah that's pretty much it for this chapter and I hope you enjoyed this chapter and I hope that you
now have some ideas of what to develop.
And if you don't then just take the ideas of others and develop those.
Just ask people for ideas and then they will always give you some ideas and you can try to build those
things because you already know how to do that.
And if you don't know how to do it you know how to find how to do it.
So you just know that you need to find a framework that can help you to solve something.
We've used many different frameworks in this course and now you know how to use those frameworks and
how to use documentation's and those kind of things and you're pretty much ready for your own projects
now.
So I hope you go ahead and become a good Python developer if you do so please let me know.
I'll let you know about the journey that you went through let me know what you have done and what kind
of job you may be got and those kind of things and I wish you all the best on your journey.
All the best on your way to becoming a Python developer or a developer in general.
And thanks a lot for taking part in this course and in this chapter.